[dramatic music]
NARRATOR Setting his sights
on entering the Kalos League
Ash challenged and
successfully defeated Viola
the Santalune
City Gym Leader
and earned his first badge
in the Kalos region!
So, Serena,
where are you headed from here?
Uh, me?
Well, I, uh, I‐‐
Why don't you just
come along with us?
[EXCITED]
Yeah, that'd be fun!
Come with us.
We'll have a great time!
Yeah. Sounds
like an excellent idea to me.
Thanks to you, I came up
with my Santalune Gym strategy.
And if you could help me
from here on out
uh, it would be great.
Hm.
Sure. How could I say no
to all that?
‐ Alright!
‐ Yeah, that's the spirit!
[chuckles]
Come on!
Ash, you're planning to travel
to the Cyllage Gym next.
‐ Aren't you?
‐ Yeah.
Well, I can show you
how to get there.
'Ta‐da!'
Here's where we are now.
Santalune City. But look here.
Lumiose City
is between us and Cyllage City
so we have to travel back
through Lumiose City
‐ before we get there.
‐ I guess you're right.
[chuckles]
Great!
There's a boutique
in Lumiose City
with the cutest clothes,
and there's an awesome bakery
that has the best pastries
you've ever tasted!
[chuckles]
What are we waiting for?
Let's hurry up!
‐ Yippee!
‐ Clemont, step on it!
[panting]
I'm doing my best.
[instrumental music]
Long as we're going
to Lumiose City
I'd really like to take a shot
at a Lumiose Gym battle.
[EAGER]
Well, it's probably a good idea
to keep in mind
that you haven't been
in the Kalos region long.
I've got an idea.
Why don't you utilize this time
to catch another Kalos Pokémon?
Yeah, that's a good point.
Now, where is my next Pokémon
hanging out?
‐ Huh?
‐ Hey, Ash?
If you catch
a really cute Pokémon
will you let me take care of it?
‐ Sure, of course.
‐ Yippee! Yay!
So why did you decide
to go on a journey, Serena?
Huh? Hm..
[INTENT]
I wanted to give this back
to you. It's yours.
Huh?
♪ I wanna be the very best ♪
♪ Like no one ever was ♪
♪ To catch them
is my real test ♪
♪ To train them is my cause ♪
♪ Pokémon gotta catch 'em all ♪
♪ It's you and me ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪
♪ I know it's my destiny ♪
♪ Yeah you're my best friend ♪
♪ In a world we must defend ♪
♪ Pokémon gotta catch 'em all ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪♪
ASH "Giving Chase At
The Rhyhorn Race!"
Ash, remember when we were
talking about
going to Professor Oak's
Pokémon Summer Camp
back when we were younger?
‐ Yeah.
‐ 'Well..'
SERENA 'You let me borrow
this way back then.'
Huh?
[whimpering]
Where is everybody?
Where did you all go?
Aah!
[groans]
Huh?
[rustling]
Aah!
Aah! Huh?
[Serena gasping]
I knew I didn't want
to come to camp. I knew it!
[sobbing]
Mommy!
Huh?
[sobbing]
[rustling]
Poliwag?
Huh?
‐ Hey, are you alright?
‐ Huh?
Hi. I'm Ash. Who are you?
‐ 'What's wrong?'
‐ I hurt my leg.
Don't worry. See this?
This'll make it better.
Huh?
‐ All done.
‐ Oh.
Now, watch this.
Feel better,
feel better right away!
Ouch! It still hurts.
I can't stand up! Huh?
Don't give up
till it's over, okay?
‐ Come on.
‐ Huh?
Oh. Ugh!
Huh..
There you go.
[chuckles]
I think we should be
getting back to the campsite.
Okay? Come on.
Oh. Oh.
BONNIE
'That's Ash's handkerchief?'
[CURIOUS]
Yeah. I've been wanting
to give it back to you
for a long time now,
but never had a chance to do it.
‐ Thank you.
‐ Uh, sure.
But then when I saw
the Garchomp news story on TV
and saw it was you,
I knew it was time for me
‐ to try to track you down.
‐ Hold on. Now I remember.
You're the girl
with the straw hat.
'Wow, that was you!'
And you came all that way
for this?
[IMPRESSED]
Not just that.
You see, I also really wanted
to see you again
but I never guessed
you wouldn't remember me at all.
‐ Hm..
‐ Uh, yeah, sorry.
[EMBARRASSED]
[all laughing]
‐ Oh.
‐ Huh?
What's that noise?
That's..
[CONCERNED]
[screaming]
‐ I knew it! Rhyhorn!
‐ There's more!
POKEDEX
Rhyhorn, the Spikes Pokémon.
Rhyhorn recklessly charges
straight ahead
'trampling over anything
that gets in its way.'
‐ What was that about?
‐ It's a Rhyhorn race.
Race?
[SURPRISED]
What do you all think
you're doing?
You're not supposed to be here.
You're standing
right in the middle
‐ of the Rhyhorn racecourse!
‐ The Rhyhorn racecourse!
JENNY This is Odyssey Village
where the Rhyhorn race begins.
[IMPRESSED]
'The course starts here
at the village square'
'goes through the forest
and comes back.'
MAN #1 'Things are heating
up here on day two'
'of this exciting Rhyhorn race!'
'In the lead
is number five, Ian! '
Wow, a Rhyhorn race!
Never seen one before!
CLEMONT Rhyhorn races are really
popular in the Kalos region.
This is so awesome to watch!
[EXCITED]
Rhyhorn are so cute, too!
You know, they even have
special Rhyhorn racetracks
in bigger cities. This course
is actually kind of easy.
‐ Really? You sure know a lot.
‐ Well, I guess so.
Okay, an official Rhyhorn race
consists of six Rhyhorn's.
‐ See?
‐ Wow!
There's a special Rhyhorn race
anyone can participate
in tomorrow.
Ash, if you're interested
you might wanna
give that race a try.
You mean it? Great! I'm in!
[EXCITED]
WOMAN #1 Choose your Rhyhorn for
the race from these right here.
Cool!
Go ahead and pick any Rhyhorn
that interests you.
You mean,
I can really choose my own?
‐ 'Sure!'
‐ Well..
I need to get back to work.
Have a great race, Ash. Bye.
I will. Thanks for everything,
Officer Jenny.
'Wonder which one
I should choose.'
‐ Each one of them is so cute!
‐ Hm.
Ash, don't do that!
If you approach a Rhyhorn
from behind
it might begin to panic
and then run.
Do this, come in from the front
and move very slowly.
There, there, it's okay.
[PLEASED]
‐ See?
‐ Amazing.
[IMPRESSED]
[chuckles]
Now this Rhyhorn seems to be
gentle and really smart.
[MERRY]
Sounds good. Then I choose you.
Nice to meet you, Rhyhorn.
[FRIENDLY]
Wow, I'm impressed!
Serena, you're so good
at handling Rhyhorn.
Thank you.
See, the truth is
my mother was a Rhyhorn racer
and so she made sure
I knew how to handle them
from the time
I was a little girl.
Whoa, does that mean
you want to be
a Rhyhorn racer too, Serena?
Whoa‐ho.
Rhyhorn racing is fine,
but I wonder.
There may be something
I might like to do even more
so I haven't made any decision
just yet.
If you ask me,
I'd say it sounds like
you want to find your own path.
‐ Mm‐hmm.
‐ Hey, Serena.
Since you know so much
about Rhyhorn racing
do you think you could teach me
some of the basics
like the rules and how to ride?
‐ You mean, me?
‐ Yeah. Please?
‐ Uh..
‐ You have so much experience.
It would really be a big help.
We don't really know
anything at all.
Please, Serena?
You're the expert.
‐ Well, I guess so.
‐ Alright!
The Twerp and the Pikachu.
We've been looking
for those two.
And they've got Rhyhorn racing
on the brain.
When you've got a Rhyhorn,
you've got something!
[EMPHATIC]/[SURPRISED]
They've got power to spare.
And reeling in
a Rhyhorn and Pikachu
is sure to earn us
the Boss's seal of approval.
‐ Grade A.
‐ Yeah.
So let's catch 'em.
What do you say?
[EAGER]
GROUP
Who's that Pokémon?
It's Fennekin.
[chuckles]
Okay, I'm all set!
You look great!
[EXCITED]
It suits you.
Aw, thank you. I sewed these
patches on my suit just for fun.
‐ Well, they're so cute!
‐ Ash, look!
Awesome! Looking good!
They call it
Rhyhorn race fashion.
[chuckles]
‐ How do I look?
‐ 'Perfect!'
[chuckles]
First you approach the Rhyhorn
slowly so you won't startle it.
Okay.
SERENA 'Next, you put
your foot on here'
'and then boost yourself up.'
Like this? Ugh!
[groans]
[CONCERNED]
‐ Are you okay?
‐ Ah..
Even getting on one of these
is tougher than I thought.
Of course. You need to practice.
Right! Practice!
Here goes.
[screams]
[grunts]
Oh, no.
[SHEEPISH]
There's got to be a trick
to doing it right.
Do you think you could show me
how it's done, Serena?
‐ Uh? Uh..
‐ Come on!
If I don't know how to get on
how am I gonna be able
to enter the race?
Oh, okay. Now watch me closely.
Uh‐huh.
‐ Do this and you're up.
‐ That's great!
Serena, you're awesome!
Well, I'm certainly impressed.
Really?
And when you want
your Rhyhorn to walk
signal lightly with your feet.
‐ Look at it go! So cute!
‐ Perfect form!
‐ Okay, so how do you run?
‐ "How do you run?"
RYHORN [ENERGETIC]
[screaming]
‐ Serena!
‐ Well, what happened?
Boy, that hurts.
[INTENT]
[WORRIED]
[INTENT]/[PLAYFUL]
[Serena laughing]
Huh?
Stop! That tickles!
That tickles!
[laughs]
‐ What's going on?
‐ It looks like she's laughing.
The Rhyhorn
seem to really like Serena.
[laughing]
Huh? Huh?
[ENERGETIC]
[thinking] Wait. Maybe it
was just playing before.
Hey, that's no fair!
I want all those cutie Rhyhorn's
to tickle me too!
Wait, Bonnie! Huh?
Wow. Look, look at that.
So cute!
Rhyhorn are such sweeties!
RYHORN
[AFFECTIONATE]
[laughing]
‐ Now we're both a muddy mess.
‐ But it was so fun!
[ENERGETIC]/[POSITIVE]
You've almost got it!
That's the way!
Yay! Ride them, Ash!
[POSITIVE]
[grunting]
How am I doing?
Close your mouth!
You'll bite your tongue!
‐ 'Keep going!'
‐ Okay!
Be one with Rhyhorn! Huh?
GRACE Stop talking!
You'll bite your tongue!
Okay!
[ENERGETIC]
Alright, here we go.
Be one with Rhyhorn!
[Ash grunting]
[ENERGETIC]
PIKACHU
[EXCITED]
Wow! It worked!
[DELIGHTED]
‐ Way to go, Ash!
‐ Yeah!
Now you're all ready
to ride in the race.
If at first you don't succeed,
try, try again.
And that's what you did.
Let's do the same thing tomorrow
in the race.
[EAGER]/[CONFIDENT]
[laughing]
You're awesome, Rhyhorn.
[Ash laughing]
[thinking] Ash tries his hardest at everything he
does.
Maybe, maybe I didn't really
understand Rhyhorn racing
in the first place.
[SLEEPING]
[humming]
[CURIOUS]
We need to stay quiet.
[CAUTIOUS]
I hope they turn out alright.
MAN #1 'Folks, welcome to
the Rhyhorn race's final day'
'the day
when any racer can join in!'
Yay, Ash! You're gonna win!
Thanks! I'll do my best!
[EXCITED]
You heard her, Rhyhorn.
[CONFIDENT]
MAN #1
'Get set, go!'
[DETERMINED]
[ALARMED]
‐ That's not a good start.
‐ I hope he's okay.
I wonder.
Okay, now it's time to catch up
and take the lead!
Let's go!
[EXCITED]/[DETERMINED]
The Rhyhorn will be here
any minute!
‐ Time to launch our plan.
‐ Okay.
Eh, Inkay?
[CONFIDENT]
[EXERTION]
‐ Huh?
‐ What happened?
Must be a technical glitch.
[EXERTION]
MAN #1
'Uh‐oh. We lost our live feed!'
'Something must've happened
on the course, but what?'
Poor Ash.
‐ We should go investigate!
‐ Oh.
That's weird.
Where are the other Rhyhorn?
[SUSPICIOUS]
[screaming]
[groaning]
[ALARMED]
Pikachu? Rhyhorn?
What's going on around here?
[grunting]
Oh, it's the other racers!
‐ Mission accomplished.
‐ Ah! Who said that?
Prepare for trouble,
who do you think?
And make it double,
with a nod and a wink.
To protect the world
from devastation.
To unite all people
within our nation!
To denounce the evils
of truth and love.
To extend our reach
to the stars above!
‐ Jessie.
‐ And James.
Team Rocket blasts off
at the speed of light.
Surrender now
or prepare for a fight.
Meow, that's right!
[EMPHATIC]
Team Rocket!
Always trying
to mess everything up.
Pish posh. We win and you lose.
[ALARMED]
[SCARED]
All aboard the Rhyhorn express!
Do we have Rhyhorn? Yes!
And just what do you think
you're gonna do with them?
It's such a bore
if you have to ask.
They'll help us
conquer the world, silly.
And don't forget Pikachu.
That will help, too.
[ANGRY]/[EMPHATIC]
Since you're all tied up,
we bid you bye‐bye.
‐ I want Pikachu back!
‐ Save it, Twerp. Got to fly.
[groans]
You won't get away with this!
[grunts] [groans]
[screaming]
Uh, check please.
[SATISFIED]
[groaning]
CLEMONT
'Huh, way to go, Bunnelby!'
[URGENT] [panting]
‐ Looks like we made it in time.
‐ Clemont!
‐ Ash!
‐ You okay?
Serena! Bonnie!
Wow! Am I glad to see you.
I had a feeling
something bad was happening
but I never imagined
it would be like this.
BONNIE
Bad is right! It's Team Rocket!
Little brat.
You'll pay for that mouth.
[URGENT]
Huh? Oh. Right!
Pikachu and the others
are in trouble
and you want to help them.
That right?
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[EXERTION]/[SURPRISED]
Fennekin, Ember!
[EMBER MOVE]
[screaming]
[groaning]
[grunts]
For the future of science!
[RELIEVED]
[ANGRY]
All of a sudden
I don't feel so good.
It feels kind of drafty
out here.
You're feeling
the winds of wipe out.
MEOWTH
Hey, relax!
Getting upset
is bad for our health!
[WORRIED]
[ATTACK]
‐ We're blasting off instead!
WOBBUFFET
[EXASPERATED]
‐ Hm..
‐ Awesome!
‐ Thank you, everybody.
‐ Sure thing.
‐ Are you okay, Ash?
‐ You bet!
[EXCITED]
Fennekin. Thanks.
[PLEASED]
[SURPRISED]
Is everybody here alright?
‐ Officer Jenny!
‐ Uh..
Yes, we're all fine!
[FRIENDLY]
I need everybody
to keep this area clear.
I'll be coming to you
individually
'to get your statements later.'
[EXCITED]
[thinking] I guess that
means I can battle too.
Nice to meet you. My name's Ash.
This is my buddy, Pikachu.
[FRIENDLY]
I'm Clemont. Hi there. Oh..
My name's Bonnie!
This is Dedenne!
[FRIENDLY]
Take a look. Fennekin.
[EXCITED]
You see,
Fennekin's my brand‐new partner.
[FRIENDLY]
[chuckles]
Nice to meet you.
I hope you'll take good care
of my daughter.
You know what Serena did?
She taught me
how to ride a Rhyhorn!
Ash, you didn't have
to tell her that, did you?
Hey, it's the truth.
And there's more!
She told me to be one
with Rhyhorn
and that helped the most! Ugh!
Mom, guess what?
You see,
I've decided I'm gonna travel
with Ash and all of his friends.
Isn't that the best?
Really? That's great.
Have a good time.
‐ Hm? Mom?
‐ I mean it.
It will be a wonderful
experience for you. I'm sure.
Hm..
Sorry I took so long!
I'm going with you!
Isn't that great?
Yeah, it sure is.
[DELIGHTED]
We're going to have
so many fun adventures!
And we'll be best friends!
[DELIGHTED]
We sure will! Oh, yeah!
Ash!
‐ Here, for you.
‐ Huh?
What's this?
Whoa! Cookies!
‐ They look awesome!
‐ Oh!
[IMPRESSED]
It's a gift
for all of your hard work
and also a thank you
for when we were little.
Aw, why just Ash?
[CONCERNED]
[coughing]
‐ You're eating way too fast.
‐ Hm..
Don't worry.
I made some for everyone!
‐ Yippee!
‐ Wow, thank you very much!
[THANKFUL]
NARRATOR
After doing his best
at the Rhyhorn race
our hero enjoys a sweet
reward for his efforts
while new adventures
with new friends await
as the journey continues.
[theme music]